I was the one who seduced him. It has nothing to do with him,
I forced it. No eldest lady,
I run just one side away,
I dont have any special feelings for you.
I dont want to live up to it, and as you can see, there are things I like.
I want it in winter, but your little girl,
Can you be together without me?
Thats our business, there is no young lady flying.
If you are interested in remarrying me,
You think I don’t dare, right?
You read that right,
Ruotian, you are a man with affection and intention,
Even if your identity is revealed,
Unless you can truly be together,
I will tell my father that I am not getting married.
We are so defensive
Didnt take Miss
This is my sincerity in coming to cooperate this time
Please bring the lady to the commander, please.
If she agrees, let me believe it